README.md, before:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
September 4th, 2021

### Project Title
Github Bikeshare Project Workflow

### Description
This project is about taking an unnamed company's pre-cleaned trip data and, using user inputs for
filters on the city, month, and day of the week, displaying useful aggregations of this data.

### Files used
bikeshare.py
chicago.csv
new_york_city.csv
washington.csv

### Credits
Help understanding def raw_data(city):
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/working-csv-files-python/

Used to create def convert(seconds):
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-program-to-convert-seconds-into-hours-minutes-and-seconds/

General Help:
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/index.html
https://docs.python.org/2/library/

Commit message:

Updated project description in readme file to be more descriptive

README.md, after:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
September 4th, 2021

### Project Title
Github Bikeshare Project Workflow

### Description
This project uses Python to explore data related to bike share systems operating in 3 U.S. cities. In it we created an interactive commandline experience for a user to select one of the cities, and then choose if they would like to filter their results by month, day, both, or neither. We then have the script display interesting descriptive statistics based on those filters, as well as the option for the user the raw data used, 5 lines at a time.

### Files used
bikeshare.py
chicago.csv
new_york_city.csv
washington.csv

### Credits
Help understanding def raw_data(city):
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/working-csv-files-python/

Used to create def convert(seconds):
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-program-to-convert-seconds-into-hours-minutes-and-seconds/

General Help:
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/index.html
https://docs.python.org/2/library/
